Add content on data types and schema transformers (#33603)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/openapi/aspnetcore-openapi.md

| int            | integer        | int32            |
| long           | integer        | int64            |
| short          | integer        | int16            |
| byte           | integer        | uint8            |
| float          | number         | float            |
| double         | number         | double           |
| decimal        | number         | double           |
| bool           | boolean        |                  |
| string         | string         |                  |
| char           | string         | char             |
| byte[]         | string         | byte             |
| DateTimeOffset | string         | date-time        |
| DateOnly       | string         | date             |
| TimeOnly       | string         | time             |
| Uri            | string         | uri              |
| Guid           | string         | uuid             |
| object         | _omitted_      |                  |
| dynamic        | _omitted_      |                  |

Note that object and dynamic types have _no_ type defined in the OpenAPI because these can contain data of any type, including primitive types like int or string.

> The `type` and `format` can also be set with a [Schema Transformer](#use-schema-transformers). For example, you may want the `format` of decimal types to be `decimal` instead of `double`.

Reviewer: Do we intend to embed the sample code from above in here?

Author: It is included in the "Use schema transformers" section.

The following table summarizes attributes from the `System.ComponentModel` namespace that provide metadata for the generated schema:

| Attribute                    | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ----------- |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DescriptionAttribute>                       | Sets the `description` of a property in the schema. |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.RequiredAttribute>          | Marks a property as `required` in the schema. |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DefaultValueAttribute>                      | Sets the `default` value of a property in the schema. |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.RangeAttribute>             | Sets the `minimum` and `maximum` value of an integer or number. |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.MinLengthAttribute>         | Sets the `minLength` of a string. |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.MaxLengthAttribute>         | Sets the `maxLength` of a string. |
| <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.RegularExpressionAttribute> | Sets the `pattern` of a string. |

> Note that in controller-based apps, these attributes add filters to the operation to validate that any incoming data satisfies the constraints. In Minimal APIs, these attributes set the metadata in the generated schema but validation must be performed by the route handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in controller-based apps, these attributes add filters to the operation to validate that any incoming data satisfies the constraints. In Minimal APIs, these attributes set the metadata in the generated schema but validation must be performed explicitly via an endpoint filter, in the route handler's logic, or via a third-party package.
```

**Note:** The <xref:System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.AllowedValuesAttribute> does not set the `enum` values of a property.

### nullable

Properties defined as a nullable value or reference type have `nullable: true` in the generated schema. This is consistent with the default behavior of the <xref:System.Text.Json> deserializer, which accepts `null` as a valid value for a nullable property.

### additionalProperties

Schemas are generated without an `additionalProperties` assertion by default, which implies the default of `true`. This is consistent with the default behavior of the <xref:System.Text.Json> deserializer, which silently ignores additional properties in a JSON object.

If the additional properties of a schema should only have values of a specific type, define the property or class as a `Dictionary<string, type>`. The key type for the dictionary must be `string`. This generates a schema with `additionalProperties` specifying the schema for "type" as the required value types.

> ### metadata for polymorphic types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Metadata for polymorphic types
```
